About Frank Murray

Hello,

I would like to start off by saying that I am not very good at talking about my self, so I will try to keep this short and sweet. My name is Frank Murray, an honest straightforward 20-something college student. I am currently a CS/CPE undergraduate at WVU. I started out in biochemistry and switched majors at the end of my sophomore year. Since then I have had the opportunity to learn some pretty amazing things through both school and work. Being a CS major has led me to learn about several different programming languages including Java, Python, regular expressions, and C. Personally I also dabble in Perl, prolog, and a few others. From the languages I have been exposed to I tend to lean more towards functional programming yet I don't mind object oriented either. Both have their usses in the world. Cyber Security is a HUGE interest of mine, and recently after taking a course in AI I have also developed an interest in that. This website is about the extent of my HTML prowess, web is not something I want to do its more of a necessity as of late. Although two different side projects that I am currently working on involve interfacing with a webpage/webserver. 

So why are you here? Are you here to learn about me, or did you somehow stumble upon this page by accident (which is quite unlikely due to the specific nature of the URL)? Something that I remember from my bio classes is tahat people tend to lean towards benifiting ones self. That being said I am doing the same thing; this website is to increase my marketability. I am looking for an internship for the summer if you are interested in hiring me please don't heasitate to contact me I look forward to hearing from you. But how is that beneficial to you? Somehow someway I may know something or think differntly than other people which could make me an asset. That is what the reasons for why you are reading this and why I have written it boils down to. 

If you are interested in seeing some of the things that I have coded or worked on the CODE link at the top can take you to both code example and my sourceforge. I have examples going all the way back to my first inroductory programming classes through my current classes. Lastly I hope that you enjoyed reading this, again if you want to contact me with critiques of my code or anything else feel free to do so.

Frankly,
Frank 